- [Instructor] If you already have an AWS account,
you can skip this video.
I'm going to walk through how to set up a new AWS account.
Now, because most of this information is sensitive,
I'm simply going to present the steps to you,
but you can definitely follow along as I speak them out.
The first step is going to be to navigate to aws.amazon.com.
From there, up in the top right,
you can select the Create an AWS account button.
Now that's going to walk you through a wizard.
The first page, you're going to enter an email,
and that's what you're going to use to log in,
a strong password, and you want to give your account a name,
and that name should be significant to you,
especially if you're working with multiple accounts
because it allows you to switch between them easier.
Once you've entered that in, go ahead and click continue.
Now into this page of the wizard,
you're going to enter your personal information,
your name, your address, phone number, things like that.
When you're done with that, you're going to move
to the next screen.
Now here's the gotcha, you're going to need
to have a credit card at this point.
Now, while you can do this as a free account,
they are going to at least put a temporary hold
on your credit card to make sure
that you are who you say you are.
In addition to that, it allows them if you do run
a rogue process to charge you.
So be aware of that.
Anything that you do outside the scope of this course,
now the next screen you're going to actually
have to enter your credit card.
Now this can be a little bit scary,
but it's really to validate your identity.
If you read the notes, they're going to put
a temporary hold and then they'll remove it,
just to validate that you are who you are.
You can set this up as a free account,
and they give you plenty of indication
of things that will cost you money.
And you definitely can look at your billing summary
at any point in time to confirm that you're not
spending money as you're doing this training.
The next page after you've entered your credit card
is going to ask you to verify your identity
through an SMS message.
You're going to have to put in your cell phone,
they'll send you a text, give you a code,
and you'll enter that code on the screen.
Now after you've validated your account
and put in your credit card, you're going to select your tier.
For this course, I'm going to select the free tier,
because I don't really want to spend a lot of extra money
as I'm learning the S3 environment.
So go ahead and select free tier.
And at this point, you'll be ready
to log in to your account.
You're going to use that username or your email address,
and then that password that you created.
Do keep in mind that AWS constantly is updating
their console, so this wizard may change a little bit.
But since it's a wizard, it's a pretty much
straightforward, step by step process.
And with that, let's jump in.